Update external login provider examples with new helper code (#6111)
umbraco/UmbracoDocs: 14/umbraco-cms/tutorials/add-google-authentication.md

To use an external login provider such as Google on your Umbraco CMS project, you have to implement a couple of new classes:

> * A custom-named BackOfficeExternalLoginProvider configuration class.
> * A custom-named GoogleOptions configuration class.
> * A Composer to tie it all together.
> * [WIP] An umbraco backoffice extension with optional custom element.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* A custom-named `BackOfficeExternalLoginProvider` configuration class.
* A custom-named `GoogleOptions` configuration class.
* A Composer to tie it all together.
* [Work in progress - frontend] An umbraco backoffice extension with optional custom element.
```

> You can create these files in a location of your choice. In this tutorial, the files will be added to an `ExternalUserLogin/GoogleAuthentication` folder for the c# classes.
> And `\App_Plugins\my-auth-providers` for the frontend registration

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can create these files in a location of your choice. In this tutorial, the files will be added to an `ExternalUserLogin/GoogleAuthentication` folder for the C# classes.
You will also need a `\App_Plugins\my-auth-providers` folder location for the frontend registration.
```

        options.Scope.Add("user:email"); // email is needed for auto linking purposes

        // This will redirect error responses from the login provider towards the default umbraco oath login error page
        // which will try to display the error state in a meaningful way.
        // You can implement your own error handling by handling options.Events.OnAccessDenied & options.Events.OnRemoteFailure
        _helper.SetDefaultErrorEventHandling(options, GoogleBackOfficeExternalLoginProviderOptions.SchemeName);
    }

    public void Configure(string? name, GoogleOptions options)
    {
        // only configure the options if it is for the backend
        if (name == BackOfficeAuthenticationBuilder.SchemeForBackOffice(GoogleBackOfficeExternalLoginProviderOptions
                .SchemeName))
        {
            Configure(options);
        }
    }
}

```
{% endcode %}

5. Replace **YOURCLIENTID** and **YOURCLIENTSECRET** with the values from the **OAuth Client Ids Credentials** window. Or use the [IOptions pattern](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/aspnet/core/fundamentals/configuration/options) to read the values from app settings (or other sources).

> 6. Register both ConfigureNameOptions into a composer and add the provider to umbraco

Reviewer: ```suggestion
6. Register both ConfigureNameOptions into a composer and add the provider to Umbraco
```

        options.CallbackPath = "/umbraco-signing-google"; // can be anything as middleware will add this to the route table
        options.ClientId = "your client id for the google login provider";
        options.ClientSecret = "your client secret for the google login provider";
        options.Scope.Add("user:email"); // email is needed for auto linking purposes

        // This will redirect error responses from the login provider towards the default umbraco oath login error page
        // which will try to display the error state in a meaningful way.
        // You can implement your own error handling by handling options.Events.OnAccessDenied & options.Events.OnRemoteFailure
        _helper.SetDefaultErrorEventHandling(options, GoogleBackOfficeExternalLoginProviderOptions.SchemeName);
    }

    public void Configure(string? name, GoogleOptions options)
    {
        // only configure the options if it is for the backend
        if (name == BackOfficeAuthenticationBuilder.SchemeForBackOffice(GoogleBackOfficeExternalLoginProviderOptions
                .SchemeName))
        {
            Configure(options);
        }
    }
}

```
{% endcode %}

> 5. Replace **YOURCLIENTID** and **YOURCLIENTSECRET** with the values from the **OAuth Client Ids Credentials** window. or use the [IOptions pattern](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/aspnet/core/fundamentals/configuration/options?view=aspnetcore-8.0) to read the values from app settings (or other sources) 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. Replace **YOURCLIENTID** and **YOURCLIENTSECRET** with the values from the **OAuth Client Ids Credentials** window. Or use the [IOptions pattern](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/aspnet/core/fundamentals/configuration/options) to read the values from app settings (or other sources).
```

        builder.Services.ConfigureOptions<GoogleBackOfficeAuthenticationOptions>();

        builder.AddBackOfficeExternalLogins(logins =>
        {
            logins.AddBackOfficeLogin(
                backOfficeAuthenticationBuilder =>
                {
                    // this Add... method will be part of the OathProvider nuget package you install
                    backOfficeAuthenticationBuilder.AddGoogle(
                        BackOfficeAuthenticationBuilder.SchemeForBackOffice(
                            GoogleBackOfficeExternalLoginProviderOptions
                                .SchemeName)!,
                        options =>
                        {
                            // need to give an empty action here for the options pattern configuration to work 🤷
                            // if you do not wish to use the umbraco default error handling and hardcode all your values instead of injecting them,
                            // you can set the configuration right here instead. You can then remove the `GoogleBackOfficeAuthenticationOptions` class
                        });
                });
        });
    }
}
```
{% endcode %}

> 7. [WIP] Register the provider with the backoffice client
> Add the following file to App_Plugins

Reviewer: ```suggestion
7. [Work in progress - frontend] Register the provider with the backoffice client. Add the following file to the manifest file in `/App_Plugins/my-auth-providers/umbraco-package.json`:
```
